It could be fun!
[GROUP]
A hotel?!
[SHIORI]
Lookin' good!
Kamo, I didn't know
you were such an artiste!
[MEI]
Yeah, I wouldn't've taken you
for the detail0oriented type.
Craftsmen Kamo's
Western-style castle
will bring your princess
fantasies to life!
[JIRO] She meant the beach
in front of the hotel?
To ground our sandy
stronghold in reality,
I based it on England's
Conwy Castle
with its protruding towers.
[MEI]
That's something.
You better savor
every minute of this,
the best chance we have of
seeing bikini-clad females
this up close and personal
again is VR, bro!
[JIRO]
Yeah, that's facts.
Usually, Shiori buttons her
shirt all the way up,
but now, her chesticles are...
Gods above! How I thank you!
[SHIORI]
Hey, Jiro? Are you okay?
[JIRO]
Huh?! Uh, yeah! The okay-est!
That's good!
I was thinking that we
could make a tunnel.
We did it all the time
when we were kids.
Remember? We dig in
from opposite sides
and join hands in the middle.
We join hands?
Yes, sir! Ready?
Slide it in. Slowly.
[JIRO]
Okay.
[SHIORI]
Uh, maybe a little deeper?
Oh! There you are, Jiro!
[laughs] Look at us, playing
in the sand like old times.
Uh-- [laughs]
So lovey dovey. That's barf.
[GROUP]
Rock, paper, scissors, shoot!
[NATSUMI] The mystical hands
say you two grab the grub!
Huh? Boo! No! We're, like,
always together, boring.
Jeez, dude, don't sound so
excited. It's crazy crowded.
[AKARI] And it looks like
most everybody's a couple.
I'm about done with this
normie infested place.
Well, that explains the couples!
[AKARI] Hells yeah,
let's take advantage!
What? But we're not a couple!
Being married totally counts.
[gasping]
[AKARI laughs] Return of the
tomato! You with me, lil' red?
[JIRO]
We're mock-married! Mock!
[AKARI]
They don't have to know that.
[EMPLOYEE A]
Next customer, please!
[AKARI] Let's see...
Three yakisobas for sure.
Couples can upgrade
the size, no charge.
Whoa! Sick!
That's like so nice of you!
In that case, supersize me!
[EMPLOYEE A] Three large
yakisobas for the beautiful
girlfriend! You're one lucky
man, my guy. I'm jealous!
[laughs nervously]
[EMPLOYEE A] All right,
you crazy kids are number 13.
Great. Thanks.
[AKARI]
What was with the dopey laugh?
If you want this discount,
make it more believable!
[JIRO]
Huh? What exactly could I
have done better
in that situation?
Just everything. You should've
put your arm around me
and been like, "Yeah.
I'm one lucky boy, mister."
That'd be the dream.
Minami would've done it.
People don't say things
like that out of nowhere.
[EMPLOYEE A] Number 13,
your order's ready!
[JIRO]
I'll go get it.
What a weenie. Is he
trying to piss me off?
[MAN A]
Hey! You alone?
Crap, I got completely
turned around.
[JIRO] Does Akari know
that guy? I can't tell.
[gasps] Jiro, over here!
[MAN A] Huh? You were
waiting on some dude?
Is this dork your type?
Ha, that's wild.
[JIRO] Are you two
acquaintances of hers?
Hell yeah! As of right now,
we're acquainted,
wouldn't you say?
[MEN laughing]
[AKARI] These tool-bag creeps
are coming on to me, dumb-dumb!
[JIRO]
That's a "save me" face.
Hey, bro, you're here
with the chick, right?
[MAN A]
Tell us her name, will ya?
For some reason,
she's too shy to share.
[MAN B] At least tell us
where you're stayin'.
Let's party.
[JIRO] Uh, sorry, but would
you mind letting go of her?
She doesn't like that.
Whoa! It's a white knight!
Are you tryna bag her?
[JIRO]
No, um...
[MAN A] The only thing
this virgin can bag
is his right hand! A girl like
this is too much for him.
[AKARI gasps]
She-- She's my wife!
Bro! Monogamy?
Post-Betrothed? Oh,
sorry dude, our mistake!
[MAN A]
Yeah, uh, wish you the best!
Whoa, Jiro. That was...
[JIRO]
I'm sorry!
I couldn't come up with
a good lie on the spot.
I can't believe I
called you my wife.
I'm sure you hated that crap!
But I feel like calling
you my girlfriend
would've been, you know...
Stop! You're pissing
me off, dude!
I told you I'm sorry!
[AKARI] Did I say I hated
when you called me that?
[JIRO]
Huh?
No. Don't assume things.
To be, like, perfectly honest.
Well, I thought it was cool.
I guess. But now...
You, like, totally ruined it!
No wonder you don't get girls.
You shouldn't be so apologetic,
and I shouldn't be so quick
to get excited. But whatever.
Just show me that
you're man enough
to even use me
for practice, okay?
Wait, what do you mean by that?
[AKARI]
Use your nerd brain! Let's go.
[JIRO]
Huh? But... Hey! Quit pushing!
[AKARI] They're gonna flame us
for being slow because of you.
No way, none of that
was my fault!
[AKARI]
Your slow-ass walking is!
That was... too much.
[NATSUMI]
Paradise at last.
[SACHI] Cut the moaning
so I can relax, queen.
[AKARI] How weirdly nostalgic.
This feels like a school trip.
Hey, Mei, are you
sunburned at all?
Nah. I used some oil,
so I'm good.
But I guess it takes longer
than a day to even out a tan.
[SHIORI] Look, the lines around
here are fading a teensy.
You're looking a
little tan yourself!
[SHIORI] Whoa, you're right!
I even put on sunscreen.
C'mon, let's hurry up
and get in.
By that point I was big
mad, so I was like,
"Yo. Instead of critiquing me,
let's calculate
how much weight you've put on
since we started dating!"
He's delusional.
Guys can't expect us
to be perfect 24/7.
So not cool.
That noodle couldn't comprehend
your grindset if he tried.
Dude will be single for life.
You can say that again.
[SHIORI, MEI]
We can hear everything.
[SACHI] Anyway, since we're
on the subject of guys,
how's yours, Akari?
[NATSUMI]
Spill right meow.
Jiro?
[SACHI]
He seems like he'd have
unrealistic expectations
about women.
She used to complain about him,
like, every time we chatted.
[SACHI] Yeah, you totally
didn't think you two
would last for this long.
Of course I didn't because the
guy is, like, unbearably sloppy!
[SHIORI]
So, he leaves the house a mess?
[NATSUMI]
Sloppy can be fun, girl!
Is he extra sweet cause
he has no experience?
[SACHI] In the end, kindness
is the most important thing.
He could be a sex god,
but if he's rude, it'll suck.
My ex two exes ago was so
selfish in bed that I, like,
legitimately thought about
putting him on a point system.
[MEI]
Hey, guys?
Shiori and I have heard
everything you've said.
That's fine! You should come
and soak with us, girly!
You, too, Sakurazaka!
[gasps]
[SACHI] How do you two
talk about the nasty?
Oh! Well, I, I, uh...
After hearing the stuff
you guys just said,
it's about caring for someone.
You have to give yourself
to your partner
in a way that shows
you really trust them.
I think it boils down to
both parties wanting
to be truly seen.
For me, it's not about
being good or bad.
It's about looking deep
down inside their soul
and being brave enough to let
them look deep inside yours.
[MEI gasps]
[BOTH]
That was so sexy!
Dang, girl! Are you a psychic
cause you totally read my mind.
[NATSUMI] Not to be, like,
creepy, but will you marry me?
[MEI] I'm gonna need
some personal space!
Sorry for all the raunchy talk
the second you came over here.
Huh? Oh my gosh,
it's really fine.
It's me who should apologize.
I do not have much experience
in that department,
so I can't contribute.
No way! You're like, so cute!
I get it though.
That stuff's rough.
When it comes to experience
being with dudes,
I'm like a trillion laps
behind those two.
Same, but at least I'm
learning something.
[laughs] Okay, sis, I dig
the positive outlook!
[SHIORI, AKARI]
If it was with Jiro...
[NATSUMI]
Akari! Kitty cat is rolling out!
Kay!
[gasps]
Huh?
Was the men's bath nice?
[JIRO]
Uh, yeah.
Cool, ours, too.
Aw, you got sunburned.
Tell me about it.
My shower roasted me alive.
The back of my neck
was extra bad.
[AKARI]
Hang on a sec. I've got you.
Pop a squat. I'll help.
Uhh...
[AKARI] Dayum! It's more
noticeable that I thought.
[JIRO] Hey, so, uh, shouldn't
you get back to your room?
What's your deal?
Do you want me to go away?
I don't.
It just might look weird if
we're alone for too long.
They'll make fun of us for sure.
You worry way too much.
Hold up, is your neck
not ticklish at all?
Huh, guess not.
Even since I was little,
I've never really been ticklish.
[AKARI]
Are you ticklish here?
[gasping]
[AKARI] You can't be serious!
Not even a giggle?
[JIRO] Get the heck off me!
What if someone sees us?
Uh...
We haven't done this
yet today, y'know.
[JIRO] Well, we're not in
the practical right now.
[AKARI] I know,
but ever since we got here
there's been this
distance between us.
It just feels weird.
Please, Jiro, treat me
like you do at home.
Yo, Akari! Hey, uh...
Am I interrupting?
Nuh-uh! I was just telling Jiro
he should buy me a drink.
I'd crush some apple juice.
[JIRO]
Dude! I'm not gonna pay!
Yo richie, buy me a soda.
[JIRO grunts, sighs]
Get a load of this crap.
I'm done with him
for real this time.
Hey, so, Takimiya?
You wanted soda, didn't you?
[SACHI]
Yeah! Chef's choice!
Aka-- Watanabe,
what did you want again?
Watanabe?
[AKARI]
Apple juice.
Uh... Got it.
Thanks for the bev!
Okay, so I should totally
block his number now,
shouldn't I?
Oh, good. It feels like I
stepped on a land mine.
Well, it was a good
life while it lasted.
[AKARI]
Be there.
'Kay.
[NATSUMI]
Hey, wait, where's Akari?
She mentioned the
convenience store.
[NATSUMI] Uh? But it's time for
our mega-fun card game party.
[KAMO]
Uh, have you seen my bro Jiro?
[MINAMI] He said he was
gonna wander around.
[KAMO] That's weird--
are the shops even open?
[TERAFUNE]
I bet the convenience store is.
[KAMO]
What a turd.
I could use a change
of pace, you?
[JIRO]
Uh, I'm really sorry.
[AKARI] Typical. You have
no idea why I'm angry,
yet you come out swingin'
with a half-assed apology.
[JIRO] Yeah, I don't know
why you're angry, but...
I know I'm sorry.
Stop! Don't say you're sorry
if you don't even know what
you're sorry for! Are you dumb?
Kind of! I'm sorr-- I get it.
[sighs]
Whoa, dude! What are you...
[JIRO]
The swimsuit.
We're both at the beach,
and I told you that I'd
save this suit for you.
[JIRO]
She was being serious? For real?
[AKARI] I was hyped up
for this time together,
but you keep worrying
about how people see us.
When I try to talk to you,
you don't care.
It's like I'm the only
excited one. I hate that.
[JIRO]
She "hates that"? Wait a second.
Does that mean... she's jealous?
Please, we're fine.
[JIRO] Am I stupid?
I can't get the wrong idea--
she does stuff like
this all the time.
But are we though?
You've made it,
like, painfully clear
that you'd rather die
than be seen with me.
[JIRO]
No! You've got it backwards.
[AKARI]
Backwards?
[JIRO] Just let me try to
explain! It's the other way.
Being around a
boring nerd like me
has gotta be embarrassing
for you, right?
[AKARI] Huh? Why should
crap like that matter?
I can hang with whoever I want.
[JIRO] I have to worry
about that stuff!
It might be cool with you,
but people will assume
you're doing charity work.
And it's not like I have to
be here with you right n--
I know. So, it's me
who needs charity.
Just look at me, dude.
Like you do when we're at home.
Come on. Look.
So you'll stare at my
chest constantly except
the one time I actually
want you to!
I know you're a tits man, champ,
so don't even try
to act cool right now!
[JIRO] Danger. Danger,
Commander Johnson!
Chill out, Akari!
Let go off me. Please!
This is not how we
communicate with people!
Come on. Let's talk it out.
[AKARI]
Fine, let's talk.
[JIRO]
What a mature and elegant lady.
It's just, when were
not at the apartment,
it's like were not even a
married couple anymore.
I see you talking to other girls
and it makes me feel weird.
In those moments,
it's like you're
not my husband at all.
I can't help but think,
what if we get home
and things don't
go back to normal?
I totally despise the thought!
[JIRO]
Uh, I'm a little confused.
Is it okay for me to ask you
what you mean by that?
[AKARI] What do you mean by
"what do I mean by that?"
Uh, okay. I can break it down.
You want us to act like
a couple when we're out.
You demand that I call
you by your first name,
and you feel weird when
I talk to other girls.
Am I right?
'Cause if so, you sound
less like a practical partner
and more like a
jealous girlfriend.
[gasps]
[JIRO]
Wh-What's that face?
You're not making sense at all!
And that's just how I look!
[JIRO]
Well, I mean...
You're stupid enough
to think I'm jealous?
I'm just pissed because you only
pay attention to me
when it's convenient!
[JIRO]
Is that what this was about?
[JIRO] Gotcha, I'll make sure
to call you by your first name.
I really wish you would've
just led with that, dipstick.
[SHIORI] Wow! The moon's
super pretty tonight!
Yeah, it's crazy
bright out here.
And this breeze feels amazing!
Dude, remember the new show
I was telling you about?
There's an actor who
could be your twin.
Oh, the girl playing
the little sister?
Yeah! Wait, are you
watching, too?
[JIRO, AKARI]
What do we do?
[AKARI]
I'm feeling claustrophobic.
--Scoot over that way.
--[groans]
You're the one who
dragged me into this shoebox!
[AKARI]
Shh!
This sucks toes. I'm literally
being cooked alive.
[JIRO]
Well, complaining won't help.
Right now, we need to make sure
Shiori and Hamano don't see us.
How freakin' predictable.
[JIRO]
Did you say something?
Nope, nothing.
[AKARI]
Here I am in my tiny swimsuit.
Literally on top of him.
And I feel like he couldn't
give less of a damn.
Back in the day, when all I did
was chase after Minami,
I managed to stay
way more optimistic.
But now, every time Jiro
and I have a nice moment,
I jump to the
worst-case scenario,
and get scared
he's going to leave.
Who could blame me.
I'm virtually sitting in
his lap and the only thing
he cares about is
the girl outside.
It's no big whoop.
I've known he has this thing
for her since day one,
but I still feel
all confused inside.
I hate this.
Oh, great. You sick?
You sure? Well, that's a relief.
It's hot. You think
you can hang in there?
What's the big
difference if I do?
Cryptic.
It'll save you some grief?
[gasps]
Weird, did you just
hear someone talking?
[BOTH gasp]
Hey! Come on, Mei!
Don't try to scare me!
[laughs] I forgot about your
low tolerance for spooky stuff!
We should check it out.
There could be a spirit
trapped inside.
You meanie!
[MEI]
All good. No ghosties over here.
No people either. My b.
So, no ghouls?
[MEI] I must've just heard
some noise from the road.
[JIRO, AKARI]
Safe!
[AKARI gasps]
[thud]
[SHIORI yelps]
Ow! What do you think you're
doing! Contain your violence!
[thuds]
I'm too scared, we gotta go!
I'm gonna pee my pants!
[MEI]
Don't do that!
[sighs] Nah. This sucks
the whole freakin' foot.
Okay, perv, it's time
to get off of me.
It was life or death and you
were still staring at my boobs.
Freakin' degenerate. I totally
regret wearing this swimsuit.
All you dudes are the same.
[JIRO] Oh, shut up,
you were begging me to look.
As if I meant that!
It just spilled out in
the moment! You jerk!
Hurry up and forget
about it already!
Oh, I get it.
So, you were just playing
with me again
like some stupid toy.
[AKARI]
No, I wasn't.
[JIRO]
Yes, you were.
All that crap about
using your first name
and being a couple in public.
If you were coming up
with that "in the moment,"
then why the hell would I
change a freakin' thing?
[AKARI]
I hate you, Jiro.
And I hate this.
I'm so embarrassed.
Come on. It's too hot
to get any closer.
Childhood bestie is gone,
we can leave now.
Your knee is poking me, Jiro.
Can you move it?
[JIRO]
That's, uh, not my knee.
[AKARI gasps]
Wait, what is it?
[JIRO]
You know...
[AKARI]
For real?
Sorry.
[AKARI]
Lemme see your face.
So, uh, did looking
at me do that to you?
[panting]
[AKARI gasps]
Wait, Jiro! Please, wait!
We... We can't! Not yet!
There's an order to these
kinda things, y'know!
Jiro?!
[AKARI] They said it was a mild
heatstroke. Are you okay?
[JIRO]
Yeah.
[AKARI, JIRO]
Hey, so...
I'm, uh, sorry, that you
had to save me and stuff.
On top of that, I'm sorry
for any other weirdness.
[AKARI]
I told you to stop apologizing.
It always makes me feel worse.
So, no more sorrys,
got it? And also!
That d-bag tone
you took during your,
"shut up, you were
begging me to look" bull?
That was way too much.
You sneak glances of
my boobs constantly,
I was just doing my
good deed of the day!
You should be more grateful!
[JIRO]
Too loud! Way too freakin' loud!
I've been thinking and instead
of showing you outside stuff,
I wanna show you inside stuff,
like my personality.
We've already been
married for four months,
but if someone was like,
"Hey, tell me about Jiro,"
I'd be screwed.
I mean, don't you think
living together will be
more fun if we know
who we're living with?
All that to say, I wanna
see your inside stuff
and learn about you, too.
Cause you and I are still
a married couple, right?
[JIRO]
Right.
[JIRO] It has been four months,
hasn't it? Time is so strange.
Especially this time that Akari
and I have shared together.
"Still a married couple," huh?
I shouldn't read into it,
but for some reason,
that "still"
isn't sitting right.
[TERAFUNE] Knock, knock!
We're ready to play!
[KAMO]
Let's game!
[NATSUMI]
Come in, boys!
[TERAFUNE]
Old maid? Go Fish?
Hell, let's put some
money on this shiz!
[ALL]
Kay!
[BOYS scream]
[AKARI]
This mask feels incredible!
[NATSUMI]
Totes!
[AKARI] Next time:
"More Than a Confession,
but Not Yet a Broken Heart."